fix(*): container query plugin is not a public dependency (#952)
Frontify/brand-sdk: .changeset/fluffy-files-kiss.md

---
"@frontify/guideline-blocks-settings": patch
---

> fix(*): move container query plugin to a public dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(*): move `@tailwindcss/container-queries` to a public dependency
```
